(Final Episode)
(Letter of Resignation)
I can't say I'm not disappointed,
but this is a good opportunity for you,
so I can't stop you.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Sure.
Take care of yourself.
Doctor Song.
You're quitting?
Yes.
And you'll quit your job at the hospital ship soon as well?
Is there anything you want to tell me?
I had a feeling...
it wouldn't last.
What wouldn't?
The secret.
I thought...
Mr. Chu would tell you.
Even if he didn't,
you should have. That's the right thing to do.
Keep it to yourself.
No one else can know.
Where will you go?
To the UK.
- Doctor Song. - That's where I want you...
to think I went.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you being so stubborn?
You're right.
Love is everything.
It's everything.
There's this man I like.
Just thinking of him...
makes my hand and feet curl.
This beats out of my chest all the time.
The sky is so blue, the sea is so beautiful,
and every plant I see on the ground is pretty...
because he is there.
The cancer that grows in my body...
is virulent.
If it spread to my lungs, I could die.
Even if I don't die,
I most likely will become disabled.
Doctor Song...
I think I want that guy...
to think highly of me.
Unless I'm healthy and beautiful,
I don't want to be with him.
I don't want him to see me...
when I'm suffering and low.
Don't do that.
More than that,
I can't make him...
take me on as a burden too.
He's struggling enough already...
without me adding to it.
I didn't fall in love...
to become a burden...
or to burden anyone else.
If I'd known,
I wouldn't have started it.
I want to put him at ease.
When he's with me at least.
I want him...
to be able to relax.
That's why I got started.
That's why...
I prefer it this way.
You're way too cool.
I want to be cool.
And scary tenacious.
I always was.
(Express bus)
Did you have to take the first bus on a work day?
It wasn't my choice.
I'm following their schedule.
I have less than half a day between the seminar and my flight,
and they really want to meet then.
Okay.
Call as soon as you arrive.
Get on the bus. It's cold.
- Take care. - What greeting is that?
You should say something like, "See you soon."
You can't say "take care" like we'll never meet again.
Did I say that?
- Don't do it again. - Okay.
Go on.
The tumor is quite large...
and the chest CT and PET-CT show signs it spread to the lungs.
Let's do chemotherapy to get the cancer in the lungs...
and try to reduce the mass.
Did she call?
No.
Not once in over a month?
Why don't you call the UK?
- You think I didn't? - And?
Their headhunter left to a war-torn part of Somalia very suddenly.
- A member of his team is Korean. - Is it Eun Jae?
They can't confirm.
They'll call as soon as they do, so I'm waiting.
This is insane.
Hello, ma'am.
Did you get an x-ray?
Come by in the afternoon. I'll explain then.
Bye.
Mr. Chu.
Where'd he go?
Shall I send it myself?
(Song Eun Jae)
An x-ray?
Taken a month ago.
What are you doing here?
What's this?
Is this Doctor Song's leg?
- Doctor Kwak. - Is Doctor Song sick?
She's sick?
Did I hear correctly?
What does she have?
Pick up.
Hey, you called.
I turned my phone off in class...
and forgot to turn it on.
- I see. - How are you?
How's my sister?
- What? - How's my sister?
Hello?
Do you know who I am?
I know everything.
Tell me the truth.
Doctor Song.
Do you know where she is?
Yes.
She's at our hospital.
I don't think she told her family.
As you can see, even we're not allowed inside.
She won't see anyone.
Don't blame her.
Once you see her,
you won't be able to.
(No visitors)
[VIU Ver] Episode 40 Hospital Ship "Love That Transcends"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're awake.
Stay lying down.
Why...
- are you here? - Doctor Song.
How did you find out?
Who told you?
Is that important?
Does that matter to you?
You didn't see me.
- Pretend you didn't. - Doctor Song.
- Please leave. - Eun Jae.
Leave now!
Why are you doing this?
How could you do this to me?
- How could you... - I told you to get out!
Doctor Song.
Open the door.
Are you okay?
Answer me.
Please open the door.
Okay.
I'll do what you want.
I'll do what you say as long as you come out.
Don't sit in the cold.
Come outside.
Please.
Thank you.
Well done.
Turn and look at me.
It might be the last time we meet.
Must I only see your side profile?
Okay.
Do what you want.
I'll...
go now.
I'll go,
but I want to show you something first.
I'm doing this for the others,
so I can't leave without showing it to you.
It's me.
Are you...
upset that I pulled you by the hair?
Is that why you left?
I won't pull you by the hair again.
What I mean is...
I miss you.
Please...
come back.
It's me. I stopped drinking.
Gosh, I miss you so much.
I really miss you.
You nagged me so much, but you can't anymore,
can you?
Get better soon and come back.
Everyone is waiting for you.
I don't eat anything salty or sweet anymore,
so come back soon.
Please come back, doctor. I miss you.
Doctor, it's me.
I came here with Jae Geol and caught a lot of fish.
It's good for you, so come here and have some.
Dr. Song Eun Jae.
I'm Han Sol's mother.
Han Sol...
doesn't need a respirator and can leave the hospital.
Doctor.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry.
It's our turn now.
As you took care of us,
we'll take care of you now.
Please come back.
All of us...
All of us are waiting for you.
Let's go back.
Then we'll fight together.
I'm not doing it for you.
Without you,
I can't live.
I beg you.
Next to you...
is where I belong.
Please.
Don't push me away.
(Operating Room)
You can do it, right?
Remember that you're not alone.
I'll be back.
That's right.
That's the attitude.
You left the honor...
of being the best surgeon in Korea.
Where have you been?
Don't worry and sleep.
I'll make your leg so strong that you can stay being...
a surgeon for a long time.
Rest assured.
Doctor.
What should I do?
- It's appendicitis. - No helicopter can come.
They can't fly.
As a Korean medicine doctor, I can't do a thing.
I can't perform the operation as a dentist.
- At a time like this... - Do you need a surgeon?
Dr. Song.
I came back now.
I resume work at the hospital ship today.
This is Surgeon Song Eun Jae.
Shall I transfer him to the operating room?
- Of course. - Take the lead.
Nurse Yoo.
There was a time when I thought I could be alone.
I used to be ashamed of being dependent.
However,
I don't feel ashamed when he catches me...
as I lose my balance.
We'll feel weak many times in life.
We'll also feel lost.
At times like that,
please look around yourself.
You'll find him who supports you at times...
when you feel weak.
That's why we can start anew.
While believing in the power of love,
I loved.
After all, it's love.
(Thank you for watching Hospital Ship.)